Prepare for release v0.2.1 (#17)
xcube-dev/xcube-clms: CHANGES.md

## Changes in 0.2.1

### Enhancements

> * Improved performance in the `preprocessing` step of the `Preload` API by
>   deriving the chunk size instead of using the original chunk size of the file,
>   thus reducing processing time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved performance in the `preprocessing` step of the `preload` API by
  adjusting the chunk size to be a divisor of the dataset size, rather than using
  the original chunk size of the GeoTIFF file.
```
